I have a feeling that you could be a bit
of a disco Queen whoa try a measly
sequins bring it all on totally so I
started with something perhaps a little
slow just to kind of build you into it
all right here we go
my first session with Robin has been
absolutely brilliant nerve-racking
because I don't let him down you know
but and yeah I'm picking up a few of the
sets
slowly and then we saw a piece them all
together this is doing really well
picking up the steps she's really good
with the fast things but it takes her
longer to pick up the slower things
which is highly unusual but she's really
really good with the fast things which
is great because they've got fast music
we're gonna have a fast routine and it's
all gonna be fast and fabulous and
furious I knew from day one when I got
Robin we were gonna have fun all the
time
and that's what we intend to do you know
I'm gonna learn the steps but B'Elanna
laughs as well and he's brilliant I
couldn't have asked for a better teacher
really I think people are expecting Lisa
to be a laugh in there for just a bit of
a joke and just to have a go but I think
there's some underlying talent there so
I think everybody better watch this
space